token-transferring/README.md, before:

# ICRC-1 Token Transfer (showcase purpose only)

This MCP server enables token transfers and balance queries for ICRC-1 tokens on the Internet Computer blockchain. It provides tools to manage and transfer tokens from the server's account and to retrieve information about supported tokens.

## Deployment:
```bash
dfx deploy token-transferring --argument '("YOUR_API_KEY")' --mode install
```
After deployment on local network or playground/mainnet, you can access it at: `https://<CANISTER_ID>.icp0.io/mcp` (for playground/mainnet) or `https://<CANISTER_ID>.localhost:<BINDING_PORT>/mcp` (for local).

## Tools

The server exposes the following tools:

- **get_balance**

  - **Description**: Retrieves the ICRC-1 token balance for a specified account.
  - **Parameters**:
    - `principal` (optional): The textual principal of the account. If empty, defaults to the server account.
    - `ledger_canister_id`: The canister ID of the token's ledger.

- **transfer**

  - **Description**: Transfers ICRC-1 tokens from the server account to a specified destination principal.
  - **Parameters**:
    - `destination_principal`: The textual principal of the recipient.
    - `amount`: The amount to transfer, in the smallest unit of the token (e.g., for ICP with 8 decimals, 1 ICP = 100000000 units).
    - `ledger_canister_id`: The canister ID of the token's ledger.
  - **Note**: Use the `get_supported_tokens` tool to retrieve the decimals value for the token to calculate the correct amount.

- **get_principal**

  - **Description**: Retrieves the server's default account in textual principal format.
  - **Parameters**: None
  - **Usage**: Use this tool to obtain the server's principal for topping up ICRC-1 tokens to the server.

- **add_token**

  - **Description**: Adds a new token to the list of supported tokens.
  - **Parameters**:
    - `symbol`: The symbol of the token (e.g., "ICP").
    - `ledger_canister_id`: The canister ID of the token's ledger.
    - `decimals`: The number of decimal places for the token.

- **get_supported_tokens**

  - **Description**: Retrieves the list of supported tokens, including their symbols, ledger canister IDs, and decimals.
  - **Parameters**: None

## Built-in Supported Tokens

The server comes with the following built-in supported tokens:

- **ICP**

  - Ledger Canister ID: `ryjl3-tyaaa-aaaaa-aaaba-cai`
  - Decimals: 8

- **ckBTC**

  - Ledger Canister ID: `mxzaz-hqaaa-aaaar-qaada-cai`
  - Decimals: 8

- **ckETH**

  - Ledger Canister ID: `ss2fx-dyaaa-aaaar-qacoq-cai`
  - Decimals: 18

- **ckUSDC**

    - Ledger Canister ID: `xevnm-gaaaa-aaaar-qafnq-cai`

    - Decimals: 6

Commit message:

Support multi tenant (#7)
* switch to oauth

* use client sdk

* update transfer and get_balance

* update get_account_address

token-transferring/README.md, after:

# ICRC-1 Token Transfer (showcase purpose only)

This MCP server enables token transfers and balance queries for ICRC-1 tokens on the Internet Computer blockchain. It provides tools to manage and transfer tokens from the user's account and to retrieve information about supported tokens.

This is a multi-user MCP server. Authentication by OAuth. Each user controls an subaccount under the canister principal. Users prove their ownership over the subaccount through the identity granted by the authorization server. This ensures no violation occurs when one user tries to penetrate another user's sub-account.

## Tools

The server exposes the following tools:

- **get_balance**

  - **Description**: Retrieves the ICRC-1 token balance for a specified account.
  - **Parameters**:
    - `principal` (optional): The textual principal of the account. If empty, defaults to the server account.
    - `ledger_canister_id`: The canister ID of the token's ledger.

- **transfer**

  - **Description**: Transfers ICRC-1 tokens from the server account to a specified destination principal.
  - **Parameters**:
    - `destination_principal`: The textual principal of the recipient.
    - `amount`: The amount to transfer, in the smallest unit of the token (e.g., for ICP with 8 decimals, 1 ICP = 100000000 units).
    - `ledger_canister_id`: The canister ID of the token's ledger.
  - **Note**: Use the `get_supported_tokens` tool to retrieve the decimals value for the token to calculate the correct amount.

- **get_principal**

  - **Description**: Retrieves the server's default account in textual principal format.
  - **Parameters**: None
  - **Usage**: Use this tool to obtain the server's principal for topping up ICRC-1 tokens to the server.

- **add_token**

  - **Description**: Adds a new token to the list of supported tokens.
  - **Parameters**:
    - `symbol`: The symbol of the token (e.g., "ICP").
    - `ledger_canister_id`: The canister ID of the token's ledger.
    - `decimals`: The number of decimal places for the token.

- **get_supported_tokens**

  - **Description**: Retrieves the list of supported tokens, including their symbols, ledger canister IDs, and decimals.
  - **Parameters**: None

## Built-in Supported Tokens

The server comes with the following built-in supported tokens:

- **ICP**

  - Ledger Canister ID: `ryjl3-tyaaa-aaaaa-aaaba-cai`
  - Decimals: 8

- **ckBTC**

  - Ledger Canister ID: `mxzaz-hqaaa-aaaar-qaada-cai`
  - Decimals: 8

- **ckETH**

  - Ledger Canister ID: `ss2fx-dyaaa-aaaar-qacoq-cai`
  - Decimals: 18

- **ckUSDC**

    - Ledger Canister ID: `xevnm-gaaaa-aaaar-qafnq-cai`

    - Decimals: 6
